Epstein saga reveals Republican rifts - and the power of Trump's base
The votes in Congress to release more files came after the president faced pressure from within his own party.
On the front line of Europe's standoff with Russia's sanction-busting shadow fleet
With Europe imposing sanctions on Moscow, there has been a growing network of vessels sailing without a valid flag from Russia through European waters. 
Epstein saga reveals Republican rifts - and the power of Trump's base
The votes in Congress to release more files came after the president faced pressure from within his own party.
On the front line of Europe's standoff with Russia's sanction-busting shadow fleet
With Europe imposing sanctions on Moscow, there has been a growing network of vessels sailing without a valid flag from Russia through European waters. 
Congress approves bill to release Epstein files that will head to Trump's desk
Once Trump signs the measure, the justice department will have 30 days to release the materials. 
'Things happen': Trump defends Saudi crown prince over Khashoggi killing
The US president's claims that the crown prince "knew nothing" contradict the CIA's own assessment. 
Nine dead as Russia strikes Ukraine overnight, Zelensky says
Russia launched more than 470 drones and 47 missiles in the "brazen attack", he wrote in a post on Telegram. 
Police bullied me into admitting murder, says man wrongly jailed for 38 years 
In his first interview since release, Peter Sullivan says he wants an apology from the police after wrongful conviction of the 1986 murder of Diane Sindall.
'It would have been better if they'd killed me': A forgotten war destroying women's lives
Thousands of women have been raped in Ethiopia’s Amhara conflict, BBC Global Women finds.
Only from the BBC
Why some animals can eat poison and cheat death
Creatures consuming species that contain deadly toxins have evolved a suite of clever strategies to stay alive.
The European region with a 'split personality'
Straddling Italy and Austria, the Dolomite Mountains blend three languages, two identities and one breathtaking landscape – but their delicate balance is being tested
More news
White House has apologised over Georgia raid, says Hyundai boss
The carmaker's CEO said the raid was "a bad surprise" but the firm will continue to invest in the US.
Baby Shark: How a 90-second clip created a $400m business
Shares in the firm behind the highly-addictive children's song rose by more than 9% in their stock market debut.
Cristiano Ronaldo attends White House dinner alongside Saudi crown prince
The Portuguese player is being paid hundreds of millions to be part of the gulf state's modernisation plan.
Lebanon says Israeli strike killed 13 people near Palestinian refugee camp
The Israeli military says it targeted Hamas members "operating in a training compound", which Hamas rejected as "fabrication and lies".
Why India's poorest state continues to struggle with illegal alcohol sales
Efforts to crack down on bootlegging continue nine years after prohibition was introduced in Bihar. 
Roblox blocks children from chatting to adult strangers
One of the world's most popular gaming platforms has faced criticism for its child safety record.
Man who cryogenically froze late wife sparks debate by dating new partner
Gui Junmin froze his dead spouse as a sign of his devotion - but it's now emerged he is dating again.
Must watch
'Quiet, piggy': Trump responds to reporter after Epstein question
The president made the comment to a female reporter while speaking to the press on Air Force One on Friday.
Trump says Saudi crown prince 'knew nothing' about Jamal Khashoggi's murder
The claim contradicts a 2021 US intelligence report, which said the de facto leader "approved an operation" to "capture or kill" the journalist.
New video shows stunning Aurora Borealis over South Dakota
Officials at Nasa say the sun is at the peak of its 11-year cycle, known as "solar maximum", which could lead to more severe geomagnetic storms.
How close is too close to a hippo?
A bold leopard cub pushes his luck with a huge and threatening hippo in Nsefu in Zambia.
BBC in Dhaka: 'The trial may be over ... anger very much remains'
The former prime minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina, has been sentenced to death for crimes against humanity. 
Moment Bridget Jones statue is unveiled in London
Renée Zellweger has called a new statue "adorable," adding: "I think she's much cuter than me."
The Egyptian green tech firm looking to cut energy bills
Saving System has developed a device that it says can help firms save electricity.
Joshua fight 'major step up' for Paul - Warren
Tyson Fury's promoter Frank Warren says Jake Paul is facing a "major, major step up" in his fight against former world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua next month.
Culture
Wicked sequel is 'more captivating' than original ★★★★☆
Earth
First kiss dates back 21 million years, say scientists 
US & Canada news
The only 'no' vote on releasing Epstein files
The resounding vote in favour of the Epstein bill, 427-1, marks a rare moment of bipartisanship on Capitol Hill that was - almost - unanimous.
When will the Epstein files be released now that the Senate agreed to make them public?
What do we know about the Epstein files?
Loose wire on ship may have led to Baltimore bridge collapse, report says
More world news
Is this what spying by China can look like?
Despite the government's efforts to thaw tensions with Beijing, MPs were warned this week of spying threats from China.
Two schoolgirls escape Nigeria kidnap ordeal, official says
Brazil creates new Indigenous territories during protest-hit COP30
Poll unrest has 'stained' Tanzania's global image, president says
Business
Google boss says trillion-dollar AI investment boom has 'elements of irrationality'
In an exclusive BBC interview, Sundar Pichai hailed artificial intelligence as an "extraordinary moment" but said no company would be immune if bubble burst.
US judge rules Meta doesn't have monopoly after Instagram, WhatsApp acquisitions
Tech giant seeking $1.7bn from Mike Lynch's estate after yacht death
Cloudflare apologises for outage which took down X and ChatGPT
Sport
'Scotland cash in almost 30 years of glorious failure as dreams come true'
A generation of Scotland fans witness the greatest game of their lives on an astonishing night at Hampden. Nick McPheat was among them.
Curacao become smallest nation to qualify for World Cup 
England name Bashir in squad for Ashes opener
Meet Australia's deadly-accurate 'hired assassin' 
Recommended Audio
Witness History
The Interview
Business Daily
The Documentary Podcast
Outlook
Witness History
Business Daily
Big Boss Interview
Tech
Facial recognition to be used in three town centres
The tech will target a "watchlist" of registered sex offenders as well as people wanted for arrest.
Uni gets £2.5m to improve computer games courses
Don't blindly trust what AI tells you, says Google CEO
Cryptocurrency worth £1.1m stolen during car raid
Science & health
Major UK project launched to tackle drug-resistant superbugs with AI
The UK turns to artificial intelligence (AI) to reverse the rising numbers of infections that shrug off antibiotics.
How my on-air 'brain fog' moment sparked a big debate
The spectacular theories behind aurora
He takes medical cannabis every day - but worries people think he's a lazy stoner
Culture
Diddy denies sexual battery allegation after Los Angeles authorities open probe
The new criminal investigation comes as the music mogul is serving a 4-year prison term. 
How Seven reflected the fears of a nation
Catherine's first speech in two years calls for dignity for carers
Eminem sues Australian beach brand 'Swim Shady'
Arts 
Why history's 'most controversial' queen was so hated
Once the most despised woman in Europe, Marie Antoinette was vilified as a libertine, a conspirator and a spendthrift – then publicly executed. A new exhibition explores her story.
The trailblazing photos of a daredevil WW1 pilot
Inside the secret school keeping an ancient art alive
The forbidden erotica of ancient Pompeii
Watch
How close is too close to a hippo?
Travel
In search of Europe's best Christmas market
After years of sweating through summer festivities in Australia, one family swapped sunscreen for snow – and found festive bliss in an unexpected European capital.
Four historic train stations reimagined as luxury hotels
The surprising birthplace of the dollar
The violent history behind the pumpkin spice latte
World's Table
What Mamdani's win means for NYC's food scene
By building much of his campaign on food and championing "hidden gems" in lesser-known parts of the city, NYC's mayor-elect is changing how New Yorkers and travellers eat.
Why Marseille restaurants are offering gourmet food for €1
100 dishes in 40 days: India's epic wedding feast
The controversial snack that fuels Norwegian trips
Earth
So long, plastic wet wipes - but should we be flushing the new ones?
Water companies say wet wipes containing plastic are one of the main causes of blockages in their pipes. 
From seabirds to sea turtles: the fatal toll of plastic revealed
Defying deadly violence to protect the Amazon
Why India caps pollution reading at 500 when the air is far more toxic
Video
Face-to-face with an African savanna elephant
The Travel Show visits Mozambique's Gorongosa Park but something unexpectedly stops the team in their tracks.
The truth behind Pennsylvania Dutch
Ed Sheeran has already planned his posthumous album
The mystery of Europe's most famous bog bodies
Discover more from the BBC
US Politics Unspun
No noise. No agenda. Just expert analysis of the issues that matter most from Anthony Zurcher, every Wednesday.
Download the BBC app
Click here to download the BBC app for Apple and Android devices.
Sign up to World of Business
Gain the leading edge with global insights for the boardroom and beyond, in your inbox every Wednesday.
Register for a BBC account
Don't have time to read everything right now? Your BBC account lets you save articles and videos for later. 
Sign up for the Essential List
The week's best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
